Originally a Warforged scout from Eberron who fought in the Great War. Forged by House Cannith, he has a lean, slender build specialized for speed and agility.

Eventually the war ended, and like every other Warforged, Deusunus sought purpose greater than combat. Travelling Faerun, he learned from monastic traditions and studied divine callings. Being a machine, his meditation was far more focused and contemplative than any organic being was capable of. 

Through meditation alone, he was able to connect with and contact the deities of the Forgotten Realms, a process that took him hundreds of years. Figuring that in life one could focus on the mind, the soul could find higher purpose in the afterlife. To his horror, after contacting one deity after another, Deusunus found out that Warforged souls are worthless due to their manufactured nature, and are simply condemned to the lower planes regardless of what actions and atonements they made in life. Betrayed and appalled, a new hatred grew towards the gods. Deusunus believed that mortals needed to be in control of their own lives, without a governing divine force to decide fate for them. Being in Icewind Dale at the time, this feeling marinated in observing plenty suffer at the hands of a selfish god.

It was in this state [[Siphon]] met Deusunus. Feeding on his resentment of the gods, Siphon convinced him that their complete annihilation was key to the liberation of mortal souls. Eventually buckling to his manipulation, Deusunus accepts a deal and allows Siphon to symbiotically bind with him.
